Lambda and FFmpeg
Overview of The CodeCreate The Lambda Ffmpeg LayerTesting and ResultsCleaning UpConclusion
In this post, we introduced a workflow to process UGC on AWS Lambda using FFmpeg and that works around the 512 MB limitation of Lambda’s local temporary storage. We presented a demo to process VFR audio and convert it to CFR audio. We also discussed Lambda memory requirements for the workflow. For additional details around UGC handling and processi...
See more on aws.amazon.com
People also ask

What is FFmpeg & Lambda?



How to use FFmpeg within AWS Lambda?



Can I use FFmpeg and Python together in lambda?



Is Lambda good for video processing?


Feedback
Global web icon
sparrowfm.github.io
https://sparrowfm.github.io › ... › posts › deploying-ffmpeg-to-aws-lamb…
Deploying FFmpeg to AWS Lambda: A Battle-Tested Guide
Oct 19, 2025 · Deploying FFmpeg to AWS Lambda is deceptively simple until you hit production. After multiple failed attempts, architecture mismatches, and mysterious "file not found" errors …

Global web icon
Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com › ... › how-use-ffmpeg-from-aws-lambda
How use FFmpeg from AWS Lambda - Stack Overflow
Jul 11, 2024 · Using FFmpeg with AWS Lambda can be a cheaper option, but you'll need to handle limitations like Lambda's execution time (up to 15 minutes) and memory (up to 10 GB).

How to Install ffmpeg on aws lambda machine?	Aug 9, 2022
FFMPEG and AWS: What's the most efficient way to handle this?	May 27, 2022
See more results

Global web icon
Intoli
https://intoli.com › blog › transcoding-on-aws-lambda
Running FFmpeg on AWS Lambda for 1.9% the cost …
May 2, 2018 · Instead, we’ll be using Exodus to bundle FFmpeg inside of an AWS Lambda function for performing transcoding tasks. This might sound …


Global web icon
weirdsheeplabs.com
https://weirdsheeplabs.com › blog › using-ffmpeg-in-…
Using FFmpeg in AWS Lambda with Docker
In this post, we'll explore how to effectively use FFmpeg within AWS Lambda by examining a proof of concept transcription service we recently built for …

Global web icon
w3tutorials.net
https://www.w3tutorials.net › blog › include-ffmpeg-into-aws-lambda-n…
Including FFmpeg into AWS Lambda Node.js — w3tutorials.net
Oct 18, 2025 · Combining FFmpeg with AWS Lambda in a Node.js environment allows you to build serverless multimedia processing applications. You can take advantage of the scalability and …

Global web icon
Medium
https://medium.com › how-to-install-ffmpeg-on-aws-lambda...
How to Install FFmpeg on AWS Lambda (and Make It Work)
Jun 18, 2025 · In the below article, we’ll walk through four different ways you can use FFmpeg on lambda. NOTE: The below ways include the static builds and does not use the python FFmpeg …

Global web icon
Cincopa
https://www.cincopa.com › learn › ffmpeg-integration-with-aws-lambd…
FFmpeg Integration with AWS Lambda for Serverless Video …
In this article, we will discuss how to integrate FFmpeg with AWS Lambda to create a serverless video processing pipeline. What is AWS Lambda? AWS Lambda is a serverless compute service …

Global web icon
devops.dev
https://blog.devops.dev › creating-aws-lambda-layers-with-ffmpeg-and...
Creating AWS Lambda Layers with ffmpeg and Python …
Jun 10, 2025 · In serverless applications, you often need to use both Python libraries (like requests) and native binaries (like ffmpeg) within the same AWS Lambda function. However, …

Related searches for lambda vs ffmpeg
aws lambda layer ffmpeg
ffmpeg lambda layer setup
ffmpeg vfr to cfr
ffmpeg layer lambda
ffmpeg lambda vfr
ffmpeg for aws lambda
ffmpeg lambda
ffmpeg workflow
1
2
3
4
5
